you
yeah hold on a sec yeah I'll be there in
an hour I'm sick and tired of having
barely enough I need everything you a
tow it in the week we're good for the
money well we will be are you seeing
someone else cuz I couldn't handle
something like that sometimes they make
it too easy don't go putting that on
line now will you want you to kill my
wife do you have that sort of cash just
laying around she took it all right I'll
do it
we need that money more than ever now
sorry house me
quarter four million dollars would you
kill it let's do this calm down
yeah yes
goodbye Alice
where she put the money on the ground
and then get in your car and off oh
you're a lunatic you know that
and what you call a professional despite
how this looks I had nothing to do with
it
hahahaha you can't smoke in here god
this place is like a over there
insane asylum I love my wife very much
you've got a crazy way of showing